What about people?
As expected of the new queen of Shinra Palace
You're so brave
You are Taro Watanabe
You know I'm back of course
Do you know who told you that Luo Zhong was arrested?
Me.
You Luo Yongjia
Exactly.
Just to see the surprised expression on the queen's face
Surprisingly disappointed
You are theirs too
To cooperate with Watanabe Taikun is
Bastard, you eat inside and out
What benefits can they offer you?
Make you willing to sell your country
There are tigers for skin
Money status is all
Beautiful woman I can get everything I want
And the price is just selling the country
Can there be a better deal than this?
Hahahaha damn
I see.
Last night at the casino, when I asked Luo Zhong
You beat him several times
Seemingly angry
In fact, it is to remind him not to talk nonsense
Worried that he accidentally missed his mouth
Involve you too
The queen is really smart
I can't help but give you a thumbs up
You know it's too late now.